Fix doc issue for Backend Routing section (#334)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: content/docs/traffic-management/destination-types/backends/_index.md

You can route to a Backend by simply referencing that Backend in the `backendRefs` section of your HTTPRoute resource as shown in the following example. Note that if your Backend and HTTPRoute resources exist in different namespaces, you must create a Kubernetes ReferenceGrant resource to allow the HTTPRoute to access the Backend.

{{< callout type="warning" >}}

> Do not specify a port in the `spec.backendRefs.port` field when referencing your Backend. The port is defined in your Backend resource and if the port is defined it gives the error `Reason:BackendNotFound` if set on the HTTPRoute resource.

Reviewer: Phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
Do not specify a port in the `spec.backendRefs.port` field when referencing your Backend. The port is defined in your Backend resource instead. If set on the HTTPRoute resource, the status returns a `Reason:BackendNotFound` message.
```
